# popgg
Proof of Play: Game Governance

POPGG tracks game activity calculates various metrics based on developer data, and assigns a score to individual players. It distributes tokens proportionally to the score, allowing users to vote on proposed features using a DAO-based system. This project is a great source of data aggregation as well as the power of blockchain to generate clear, and transparent results. We are empowering game developers to embrace player-driven innovation through our blockchain-based weighted dynamic voting system. Join us in revolutionizing game development by giving players a voice in shaping the games they love.

We deployed a smart contract with token tracker POPGG on Polygon - having planned to use its gasless transactions feature for users. The activity score for game players was aggregated with the help of 10 metrics from ValorAPI. The scores were then inputted along with new wallet addresses auto-generated and tagged to the player IDs into a function in the contract in order to update user token balances on-chain. The website itself was built as a react app, and linked ether.js along with wallet connect to allow users to sign transactions. Finally, a user could vote simply by allowing an expenditure from their token balance - which would either be allocated in a "YES" or "NO" id-ed wallet. If the "YES" wallet received 51%+ proportion of the votes, the proposal would pass. We plan to incorporate interchain with gnosis for the vote governance system in the future. 
